{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww32400\viewh18940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf0 \
README file for \'93Characteristic-Sorted Portfolios: Estimation and Inference\'94\
	Matias D. Cattaneo (Princeton University)\
	Richard K. Crump (Federal Reserve Bank of New York)\
	Max H. Farrell (University of Chicago-Booth)\
	Ernst Schaumburg (AQR Capital Management)\
\
Software: STATA 15; Matlab 2017b\
\
Note 1: The empirical applications in the paper utilize proprietary data from CRSP.  Thus, to generate the graphs from the paper will require access to these data.  For further information, visit http://www.crsp.com/.\
Note 2: When running the code, please first search for \'93###\'94.  This signifies lines that require modification to adapt to the user (e.g., directories where data is placed).\
\
ccfsEst.m\
This is a MATLAB function which produces all quantities used to conduct estimation and inference based on the methodology introduced in the paper.  It is called by ccfsExample.m and ccfsMainFcn.m\
\
ccfsExample.m	\
This is a MATLAB file which produces the graphs in Figure 1 based on simulated data.\
\
cleanCRSPMonthly.do\
This is a STATA file which takes the downloaded CRSP data (see Note 1 above) and cleans it as detailed in Section 6 of the paper.  The STATA file produces CSV files which are then used as inputs for MATLAB programs.\
\
ccfsMainFcn.m\
This is a MATLAB function which generates the empirical estimates shown in the paper.  Note that you have to run the function for different specifications, defined at the beginning of the function and the options available.  For the \'93size effect\'94, run the function for specifications \{1,3,5\} setting the CRSP indicator to true, indCRSPonly, and NYSE to false and vice versa.  For the \'93momentum effect\'94, run the function for specifications \{7,9,11\} using a controls option of \'930\'94 and also \'93\'9237rel\'92\'94.  For example, run: ccfsMainFcn(11, 400, 400, 10, 40, '37rel\'92).  This function produces a mat file.  Once you have run all the combinations you should have 18 mat files for the \'93size effect\'94 and 18 files for the \'93momentum effect\'94.  Then you can run the files below to produce the outputs shown in the paper.\
\
ccfsEmpiricalGraphs1.m\
This is a MATLAB file which makes the plots for the \'93size effect\'94 empirical example. Multiple pdf files are produced.\
\
ccfsEmpiricalGraphs2.m\
This is a MATLAB file which makes the plots for the \'93momentum effect\'94 empirical example. Multiple pdf files are produced.\
\
ccfsTable1.m\
This is a MATLAB file which reports the output for Table 1 for the \'93size effect\'94 empirical example. A text file is produced.\
\
ccfsTable2.m\
This is a MATLAB file which reports the output for Table 1 for the \'93momentum effect\'94 empirical example. A text file is produced.\
\
}